Doc: new doc about trigger (#1415)
Enalean/tuleap-documentation-en: languages/en/user-guide/trackers/administration/configuration/triggers.rst

> Triggers

Reviewer: The tone of writing is not consistent with the rest of the documentation. I would expect something a bit more formal.

========

Before we configure the triggers, it will be interesting to configure who is the parent and who is the child of our trackers.

To do so go in the drop-menu next to ``notifications`` and click on ``Tracker hierarchy``.

.. image:: /images/screenshots/tracker/tracker_hierarchy.png
    :alt: tracker hierarchy 

You can choose who will be the parent. 
You click on the one that you want and then you can add his children. 
If you want more than on parent in the same tree, you can do it. 
You just need to select the new parent and do the same.
Here is an example of what you can do :

.. image:: /images/screenshots/tracker/example_of_hierarchy.png
    :alt: example

As you can see we have the parent ``Epics`` with two children ``Bugs`` and ``User Stories``.

> And you have ``Releases`` with one child ``Sprints`` who have also a child ``Tasks``.

Reviewer: This part should be in in a dedicated "Hierarchy" section (as you have done for Triggers) and Triggers should reference Hierarchy.

Reviewer: With a dedicated section for hierarchy you can also explain:
- how to remove the hierarchy (ctrl+click)
- that hierarchy should be seen as a "helper"

Helper means that, while the project can define a hierarchy at tracker level however the actual parent/child relationship is managed at artifact level and can bypass predefined hierarchy.
For instance, a tracker administrator can defined a hierarchy between User Story and Epic. When someone will create a user story, they will have the list of epics proposed as possible parent (because of the hierarchy) but they can choose to define a Request (another tracker) as parent, Tuleap won't prevent it.

Now that we organise our parents and children in the tracker hierarchy.
You can go to your ``Triggers``

.. image:: /images/screenshots/tracker/triggers.png
    :alt: Triggers

> You can add a new trigger with two option ``at least one child`` or ``all children``.

Reviewer: I would expect a bit more of details on how Triggers work, what they can do, maybe an example or two to explain the differences between the configurations.

I would also expect some information about the management of permissions. What happens if the user who does the change on the child doesn't have permissions on the parent ?

.. _Triggers:

Cross-tracker triggers
======================

> Before configuring the triggers, it will be interesting to configure who is the parents and who is the children of our trackers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before configuring the triggers, you need define a parent/child relationship between trackers. Triggers only works on trackers that are part of the hierarchy.
```

To do so go to your tracker hierarchy administration.

> To have more information on the :ref:`Tracker-hierarchy`.

Reviewer: It's more fluid to read if you put the reference to the doc directly on "tracker hierarchy administration". (instead of having "To have more information ...". hyperlinks are meant for that

The triggers will be applied on each creation/update of artifacts. The triggers definitions are based on the tracker hierarchy.
Only children that are part of the defined hierarchy will be taken into account by triggers.

> Conserning the permissions management, if a user don't have permissions on the parent and we would like to change parameters on the child. 
> There will not have restrictions on the changing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Triggers applies regarless of the permission of the user who does the change that will trigger the automation. For instance, if a user don't have permissions on the parent and update a child that trigger a change on parent, the parent will be updated.
```

Example of Configuration
````````````````````````

> In this example, we are going to configure the tracker ``User Stories`` as a parent and ``Tasks`` as his child.

Reviewer: This sentence seems left over from previous version, it doesn't make sense here now.
